Xiao Chen, your acting is good enough
One sentence not only got my Chen family removed
I also want the Governor of Qinzhou to come over and apologize to you.
No wonder you study for three years.
Everyone next to you has been deceived by you for 3 minutes
What!
I was made famous by the Dragon Palace
Only all killing cooperation
All purple brocade banquets stop flowing
How many Chen families were expelled from Great Xia today?
This is impossible, eh?
Did you do it?
A mere Chen family
I really didn't care
Hahahaha
Do you think I will capture your memory?
Father is famous
I am deported by the Chen family
This is something that even a week-long governor can't do
Humph you boy
You can tell if it's true or false in just a few words.
Waiting for your good brother Nyingchi Chau to come
I know. Okay.
Take good care of Brother Lin Li Lin
Raw Dragon Banquet
I will tear your deceitful face
I see you are ashamed
Qinzhou Governor's Road
Brother Lin, this is what I see.
You only plead guilty to felonies
I hope Mr. Xiao will be held accountable